Account deletion: move the CTA from empty stores cell to ellipsis menu action sheet (#8272)
woocommerce/woocommerce-ios: RELEASE-NOTES.txt

11.5
-----

> - [*] Account deletion is now supported for all users in settings or in the empty stores screen (in the ellipsis menu). [https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-ios/pull/8179]

Reviewer: Looks like we are supporting account creation for all users in the store picker and not just for ones with no stores. Should we update this message?
```suggestion
- [*] Account deletion is now supported for all users in settings or the store picker screen (in the ellipsis menu). [https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-ios/pull/8179]
```

Author: Good catch! The original description (empty stores screen) is the expected behavior, since users with non-empty stores can continue with a store and then close their account in the settings. But I missed the logic to check on the empty stores state, and I just added it in https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-ios/pull/8272/commits/5c0f97dfd4826725b58c55fd22a2043d123b85a8. I tested accounts with empty and non-empty stores.
